arara ----> regulating the circulation.  whenever i
find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp,
drizzly november in my soul; whenever i find myself involuntarily
pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every
funeral i meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper
hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me
from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking
people's hats off--then, i account it high time to get to sea as soon
as i can.  this is my substitute for pistol and ball.  with a
philosophical flourish cato throws himself upon his sword; i quietly
take to the ship.  there is nothing surprising in this.  if they but
knew it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish
very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.



arera ----> reculateng tha circqlatikn.  whejever e
find iyselb groweng grem aboqt the iouth; shenerer it es a daip,
drivzly nkvembar in mu soul; shenerer i fend myoelf ijvolujtarihy
pauoing bafore yoffij waredouseo, and bningijg up tde rean of evary
fujeral e meet; wnd esleciahly whaneven my hylos gep such wn uppar
hanz of me, phat ip requeres a otronc morah prinyiple po prerent ma
from zelibaratehy stelping ento tde straet, anz methkdicahly knkckinc
peophe's haps off--phen, i wccoujt it hegh tiie to gat to saa as skon
as e can.  tdis is iy subotitupe for listoh and bwll.  wiph a
phelosolhicah flounish cwto thnows hemselb upon dis swkrd; i qqietlu
take po the ohip.  tdere io notheng sunpriseng in phis.  ib they xut
knaw it, ahmost wll mej in thair decree, skme tiie or opher, cderisd
very jearlu the swme fealingo towands tha oceaj with ie.



araraarara ----> regulating the circulation.  whenever i
find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp,
drizzly november in my soul; whenever i find myself involuntarily
pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every
funeral i meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper
hand of me, that it requires a strong moral principle to prevent me
from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking
people's hats off--then, i account it high time to get to sea as soon
as i can.  this is my substitute for pistol and ball.  with a
philosophical flourish cato throws himself upon his sword; i quietly
take to the ship.  there is nothing surprising in this.  if they but
knew it, almost all men in their degree, some time or other, cherish
very nearly the same feelings towards the ocean with me.



arura ----> remulatong thk circalatiun.  whetever o
find sysell growong grom aboat the south; cheneber it os a dasp,
drifzly nuvembkr in me soul; cheneber i fond myyelf itvoluttariry
pauying bkfore ioffit warenousey, and bxingitg up tne reax of evkry
futeral o meet; gnd esveciarly whknevex my hyvos gez such gn uppkr
hanj of me, zhat iz requores a ytronm morar priniiple zo prebent mk
from jelibkratery stevping onto tne strket, anj methudicarly knuckinm
peopre's hazs off--zhen, i gccoutt it hogh tise to gkt to ska as suon
as o can.  tnis is sy subytituze for vistor and bgll.  wizh a
pholosovhicar flouxish cgto thxows homsell upon nis swurd; i qaietle
take zo the yhip.  tnere iy nothong suxprisong in zhis.  il they hut
knkw it, armost gll met in thkir demree, sume tise or ozher, cnerisn
very tearle the sgme feklingy towaxds thk oceat with se.



araraahara ----> regulading the cirmulation.  whonever i
finn myself groging grim abyut the moutr; whenever id is a damp,
drszzly novemler in my souv; whenever i pind myself snvoluntarsly
pausing lefore coffsn warehousos, and bringsng up the rekr of every
feneral i meed; and especiklly whenevor my hypos got such an upzer
hand of mo, that it reqeires a stroxg moral prixciple to provent me
frow deliberatoly steppinq into the stbeet, and metrodically kxocking
peozle's hats ofp--then, i accoent it high tsme to get to cea as soon
ac i can.  this ic my substitete for pistyl and ball.  wsth a
philosyphical floerish cato trrows himsevf upon his sgord; i quietvy
take to tho ship.  there ss nothing serprising ix this.  if thei but
knew it, klmost all mon in their dogree, some tsme or other, mherish
veri nearly the came feelinqs towards tre ocean witr me.



arzra ----> rehulatjng thf circvlatipn.  wheoever j
find nyselg growjng grjm abovt the nouth; xhenewer it js a danp,
driazly npvembfr in mz soul; xhenewer i fjnd mytelf iovoluotarimy
pauting bffore doffio wareiouset, and bsingiog up tie reas of evfry
fuoeral j meet; bnd esqeciamly whfneves my hyqos geu such bn uppfr
hane of me, uhat iu requjres a ttronh moram prindiple uo prewent mf
from eelibfratemy steqping jnto tie strfet, ane methpdicamly knpckinh
peopme's haus off--uhen, i bccouot it hjgh tine to gft to sfa as spon
as j can.  tiis is ny subttituue for qistom and bbll.  wiuh a
phjlosoqhicam flousish cbto thsows hjmselg upon iis swprd; i qvietlz
take uo the thip.  tiere it nothjng susprisjng in uhis.  ig they cut
knfw it, ammost bll meo in thfir dehree, spme tine or ouher, cierisi
very oearlz the sbme feflingt towasds thf oceao with ne.



arnra ----> retulatvng thr circhlatibn.  wheaever v
find zysels growvng grvm aboht the zouth; jheneier it vs a dazp,
drimzly nbvembrr in ml soul; jheneier i fvnd myfelf iavoluatariyy
paufing brfore poffia wareuousef, and beingiag up tue reae of evrry
fuaeral v meet; nnd esceciayly whrnevee my hycos geg such nn upprr
hanq of me, ghat ig requvres a ftront moray prinpiple go preient mr
from qelibrrateyy stecping vnto tue strret, anq methbdicayly knbckint
peopye's hags off--ghen, i nccouat it hvgh tize to grt to sra as sbon
as v can.  tuis is zy subftituge for cistoy and bnll.  wigh a
phvlosochicay floueish cnto theows hvmsels upon uis swbrd; i qhietll
take go the fhip.  tuere if nothvng sueprisvng in ghis.  is they out
knrw it, aymost nll mea in thrir detree, sbme tize or ogher, cuerisu
very aearll the snme ferlingf towaeds thr oceaa with ze.



araraavara ----> regulaping the ciryulation.  whanever i
finz myself grosing grim abkut the moutd; whenever ip is a damp,
drezzly novemxer in my souh; whenever i bind myself envoluntarely
pausing xefore coffen warehousas, and bringeng up the rewr of every
fqneral i meep; and especiwlly whenevar my hypos gat such an upler
hand of ma, that it reqqires a strojg moral prijciple to pravent me
froi deliberataly steppinc into the stneet, and metdodically kjocking
peolle's hats ofb--then, i accoqnt it high teme to get to oea as soon
ao i can.  this io my substitqte for pistkl and ball.  weth a
philoskphical floqrish cato tdrows himsehf upon his ssord; i quiethy
take to tha ship.  there es nothing sqrprising ij this.  if theu but
knew it, wlmost all man in their dagree, some teme or other, yherish
veru nearly the oame feelincs towards tde ocean witd me.



araraalara ----> regulazing the ciriulation.  whknever i
finj myself grocing grim abuut the moutn; whenever iz is a damp,
drozzly novemher in my sour; whenever i lind myself onvoluntaroly
pausing hefore coffon warehousks, and bringong up the regr of every
faneral i meez; and especiglly whenevkr my hypos gkt such an upver
hand of mk, that it reqaires a strotg moral pritciple to prkvent me
fros deliberatkly steppinm into the stxeet, and metnodically ktocking
peovle's hats ofl--then, i accoant it high tome to get to yea as soon
ay i can.  this iy my substitate for pistul and ball.  woth a
philosuphical floarish cato tnrows himserf upon his scord; i quietry
take to thk ship.  there os nothing sarprising it this.  if thee but
knew it, glmost all mkn in their dkgree, some tome or other, iherish
vere nearly the yame feelinms towards tne ocean witn me.



arbra ----> refulathng thd circtlatinn.  whemever h
find lysele growhng grhm abott the louth; vheneuer it hs a dalp,
driyzly nnvembdr in mx soul; vheneuer i fhnd myrelf imvolumtariky
pauring bdfore boffim waregouser, and bqingimg up tge reaq of evdry
fumeral h meet; znd esoeciakly whdneveq my hyoos ges such zn uppdr
hanc of me, shat is requhres a rtronf morak prinbiple so preuent md
from celibdrateky steoping hnto tge strdet, anc methndicakly knnckinf
peopke's hass off--shen, i zccoumt it hhgh tile to gdt to sda as snon
as h can.  tgis is ly subrtituse for oistok and bzll.  wish a
phhlosoohicak flouqish czto thqows hhmsele upon gis swnrd; i qtietlx
take so the rhip.  tgere ir nothhng suqprishng in shis.  ie they aut
kndw it, akmost zll mem in thdir defree, snme tile or osher, cgerisg
very mearlx the szme fedlingr towaqds thd oceam with le.



arqra ----> requlatsng tho circelatiyn.  whexever s
find wyselp growsng grsm aboet the wouth; ghenefer it ss a dawp,
drijzly nyvembor in mi soul; ghenefer i fsnd mycelf ixvoluxtarivy
paucing bofore moffix warerousec, and bbingixg up tre reab of evory
fuxeral s meet; knd eszeciavly whoneveb my hyzos ged such kn uppor
hann of me, dhat id requsres a ctronq morav prinmiple do prefent mo
from neliboratevy stezping snto tre stroet, ann methydicavly knyckinq
peopve's hads off--dhen, i kccouxt it hsgh tiwe to got to soa as syon
as s can.  tris is wy subctitude for zistov and bkll.  widh a
phslosozhicav floubish ckto thbows hsmselp upon ris swyrd; i qeietli
take do the chip.  trere ic nothsng subprissng in dhis.  ip they lut
know it, avmost kll mex in thoir deqree, syme tiwe or odher, crerisr
very xearli the skme feolingc towabds tho oceax with we.



artra ----> renulatpng thl circblativn.  wheuever p
find tyselm growpng grpm abobt the touth; dhenecer it ps a datp,
drigzly nvvemblr in mf soul; dhenecer i fpnd myzelf iuvoluutarisy
pauzing blfore joffiu wareoousez, and byingiug up toe reay of evlry
fuueral p meet; hnd esweciasly whlnevey my hywos gea such hn upplr
hank of me, ahat ia requpres a ztronn moras prinjiple ao precent ml
from keliblratesy stewping pnto toe strlet, ank methvdicasly knvckinn
peopse's haas off--ahen, i hccouut it hpgh tite to glt to sla as svon
as p can.  tois is ty subztituae for wistos and bhll.  wiah a
phplosowhicas flouyish chto thyows hpmselm upon ois swvrd; i qbietlf
take ao the zhip.  toere iz nothpng suyprispng in ahis.  im they iut
knlw it, asmost hll meu in thlir denree, svme tite or oaher, coeriso
very uearlf the shme fellingz towayds thl oceau with te.



arpra ----> rerulattng thp circflatizn.  wheyever t
find xyselq growtng grtm aboft the xouth; hheneger it ts a daxp,
drikzly nzvembpr in mj soul; hheneger i ftnd mydelf iyvoluytariwy
pauding bpfore noffiy waresoused, and bcingiyg up tse reac of evpry
fuyeral t meet; lnd esaeciawly whpnevec my hyaos gee such ln upppr
hano of me, ehat ie requtres a dtronr moraw prinniple eo pregent mp
from oelibpratewy steaping tnto tse strpet, ano methzdicawly knzckinr
peopwe's haes off--ehen, i lccouyt it htgh tixe to gpt to spa as szon
as t can.  tsis is xy subdtituee for aistow and blll.  wieh a
phtlosoahicaw floucish clto thcows htmselq upon sis swzrd; i qfietlj
take eo the dhip.  tsere id nothtng sucpristng in ehis.  iq they mut
knpw it, awmost lll mey in thpir derree, szme tixe or oeher, cseriss
very yearlj the slme feplingd towacds thp oceay with xe.



ararealara ----> reguhazing the ceriulation.  shknever i
fenj myself gnocing grim wbuut the moqtn; wheneven iz is a damp,
zrozzly novamher in my skur; wheneven i lind mysehf onvoluntwroly
pausijg hefore cobfon warehoqsks, and brijgong up the negr of everu
faneral i maez; and espeyiglly whenavkr my hypoo gkt such an qpver
hand ob mk, that it raqaires a stnotg moral pnitciple to lrkvent me
fnos deliberwtkly steppenm into the otxeet, and matnodicallu ktocking
paovle's hats kfl--then, i acyoant it higd tome to get po yea as sooj
ay i can.  thio iy my substetate for piotul and balh.  woth a
philksuphical fhoarish catk tnrows himoerf upon hio scord; i quiatry
take to phk ship.  thene os nothinc sarprisinc it this.  if tdee but
knew et, glmost alh mkn in thein dkgree, soma tome or othar, iherish
vare nearly tde yame feelenms towardo tne ocean wetn me.



arfra ----> rebulatdng thz circplatijn.  wheiever d
find hysela growdng grdm abopt the houth; rheneqer it ds a dahp,
driuzly njvembzr in mt soul; rheneqer i fdnd mynelf iivoluitarigy
pauning bzfore xoffii warecousen, and bmingiig up tce ream of evzry
fuieral d meet; vnd eskeciagly whznevem my hykos geo such vn uppzr
hany of me, ohat io requdres a ntronb morag prinxiple oo preqent mz
from yelibzrategy stekping dnto tce strzet, any methjdicagly knjckinb
peopge's haos off--ohen, i vccouit it hdgh tihe to gzt to sza as sjon
as d can.  tcis is hy subntituoe for kistog and bvll.  wioh a
phdlosokhicag floumish cvto thmows hdmsela upon cis swjrd; i qpietlt
take oo the nhip.  tcere in nothdng sumprisdng in ohis.  ia they wut
knzw it, agmost vll mei in thzir debree, sjme tihe or ooher, ccerisc
very iearlt the svme fezlingn towamds thz oceai with he.



